Add a note about the visibility expansion of DomainMapping (#3720)
knative/docs: docs/developer/serving/services/custom-domains.md

For example, if you own the domain name `example.org`, and you configure the domain DNS to reference your Knative cluster, you can use domain mapping to
serve a Knative Service at this domain.

> !!!note
>    If you create a domain mapping to map to a [private Knative Service](../developer/serving/services/private-services.md),
>    the private Knative Service will be accessible from public internet with the custom domain of the domain mapping.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    If you create a domain mapping to map to a [private Knative Service](../developer/serving/services/private-services.md),
    the private Knative Service will be accessible from public internet with the custom domain of the domain mapping.

```

Reviewer: In the preview, I noticed that the body text for the note is appearing outside the note box.

Screenshot of issue:
<img width="727" alt="Screen Shot 2021-06-04 at 14 19 34" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33425661/120807499-ec1f0700-c53f-11eb-9dc2-81d28fe3eb55.png">
My suggestion above adds spaces to fix this.

Author: Done

> !!! note
>     If you create a domain mapping to map to a [private Knative Service](../developer/serving/services/private-services.md),
>     the private Knative Service will be accessible from public internet with the custom domain of the domain mapping.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! important
    If you create a `DomainMapping` object that maps to a [private Knative Service](../private-services), the private Service will be accessible from public internet by accessing the custom domain.
```

Not sure if the link I'm suggesting is correct, however since this file is already in the `../developer/serving/services/` directory, I think you can use a relative link here?

Author: Good catch. done
